Add leaderelection docs (#499)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/elastic-agent-providers.asciidoc

access Kubernetes Secrets API and get a specific secret no matter which namespace it belongs to.
In this, this option should be carefully considered.

[discrete]
[[kubernetes_leaderelection-provider]]
==== Kubernetes LeaderElection Provider

Provides the option to enable leaderelection between a set of Agents
running on Kubernetes. Only one Agent at a time will be the holder of the leader
lock and based on this, configurations can be enabled with the condition
that the Agent holds the leadership. This can be useful in cases where we want
only Agent between a set of Agents to collect cluster wide metrics for the
Kubernetes cluster like from `kube-state-metrics` endpoint.

Provider needs a `kubeconfig` file so as to establish connection to Kubernetes API,
or it can automatically reach the API if it runs in an inCluster environment (Agent runs as Pod).

[source,yaml]
----
providers.kubernetes_leaderelection:
  #kube_config: /Users/elastic-agent/.kube/config

>   #leader_lease: agent-k8s-leader-lock

Reviewer: This is not related to this PR but I have a question myself, do we have a parameter to pass the node name for `inCluster` discovery? Do we still need it in this context? In the past we got many issues related to the hostname of the Pod being different from the Pod name / node name

Author: I don't think that we need because `inCluster` here has only to do with the k8s client initialisation, see https://github.com/elastic/beats/blob/2494ae509b1036d39bd1bbb4ec751c50347c9aff/x-pack/elastic-agent/pkg/composable/providers/kubernetesleaderelection/kubernetes_leaderelection.go#L52.

Usually `Node` setting is used by another function called `DiscoverKubernetesNode`  (see https://github.com/elastic/beats/blob/8b2cebb6229fa93aa580c6fb93dc65f988f3226c/x-pack/elastic-agent/pkg/composable/providers/kubernetes/kubernetes.go#L67) which is not used in this provider.

So I think that we are covered here?

Reviewer: Good point, I think we are fine then!

----

`kube_config`:: (Optional) Use given config file as configuration for Kubernetes
client. If kube_config is not set, KUBECONFIG environment variable will be
checked and if not present it will fall back to InCluster.
`leader_lease`:: (Optional) Specify the name of the leader lease.

> By default it is `elastic-agent-cluster-leader`.

Reviewer: Should we add a table with the available key from this provider?

Author: Nice catch! Thanks!

Provides the option to enable leaderelection between a set of Agents
running on Kubernetes. Only one Agent at a time will be the holder of the leader
lock and based on this, configurations can be enabled with the condition
that the Agent holds the leadership. This can be useful in cases where we want
only Agent between a set of Agents to collect cluster wide metrics for the
Kubernetes cluster like from `kube-state-metrics` endpoint.

Provider needs a `kubeconfig` file so as to establish connection to Kubernetes API,
or it can automatically reach the API if it runs in an inCluster environment (Agent runs as Pod).

[source,yaml]
----
providers.kubernetes_leaderelection:
  #kube_config: /Users/elastic-agent/.kube/config
  #leader_lease: agent-k8s-leader-lock
----

`kube_config`:: (Optional) Use given config file as configuration for Kubernetes
client. If kube_config is not set, KUBECONFIG environment variable will be
checked and if not present it will fall back to InCluster.
`leader_lease`:: (Optional) Specify the name of the leader lease.
By default it is `elastic-agent-cluster-leader`.

The available key is:

|===
|Key |Type |Description

|`kubernetes_leaderelection.leader`
|`bool`

> |The value of the leadership flags. True when the Agents holds the leader lock.

Reviewer: I would rephrase a little bit:

```suggestion
|The value of the leadership flag. It is `true` when the Agent is the current leader, `false` otherwise.
```
